The Joe Rogan experience.
Like, did you see the.
UFC this weekend? I didn't. And I won't. Oh my.
God,
Brian Ortega and Alexander V Kovski had one of the craziest title fights I've
ever seen in my life. It was wild and I kind of wish I was there. I, I,
I was outta town for that one. That was my hunting trip. So I had a Kansas,
but God it was so good. It was so crazy. Like that was a fight.
You couldn't call because Ortega almost won twice
with two insane submissions once with a, with a, uh,
he got him on the bottom with a guillotine or mounted him rather with a
guillotine. And then he got him on a bottom with a triangle. It was insane.
And Ortega is known for his submission.
His submissions are some of the best he's got like.
He's a Torrance jujitsu.
Guy, right. He's from the original Gracie academy in Torrance.
That's where I trained keep going orient ran school and his sons,
you know, um, he, yeah, he and Huron and it's just,
and bro Ryan Ortega came from there.
A lot of it's like lineage it's lineage.
Like it's like some of the purest jujitsu that you're gonna get.
And when you say fundamentals like Brian Ortega has perfect
fundamentals, you know, Chrome Gracie, perfect,
perfect fundamentals.
They do everything is to like this razor char when he dove on that guillotine
choke, I like that is like,
I wish people could see how beautiful that is the way I see it. Yeah.
Because I know how hard that is to do the way he slipped it in.
He got Mount on the world champion. Yeah.
Full guillotine Mount or world champion. And that guy got out. I mean,
he's gurgling, it's his, as deep as it gets.
And when you realize how good Brian Orta is and what he's in right now,
he's in a Mount, but he's also got his legs crossed underneath,
which is like the most ruthless Mount cuz a regular Mount you're on top of a guy
and a guy can kind of buck BTE, got his legs crossed.
So that kind of GI team with a guy like that is deaf. It's deaf.
That crazy from Australia got out where 99.9,
9% of the people who have ever lived would've tapped out. Yeah.
That Savage it's like not today. I'd rather die.
I got, I did a deep dip on dig on Brian Ortega. He so good.
He was on uh Shas uh, Calabasas companion. Yes. And,
and probably one of the most interesting human beings I've ever heard talk.
He's a actor and his, and he just doesn't come at as an actor,
which is how I come at it as like just a regular person who he's an actor.
He who's acting before he did, uh, fighting. No, we don't.
Have to pull it up. No, no, no, no. Please let me know. So let me know. Hold on.
Brian Ortega was in a movie with Charla booth. They were.
Both in the movie, but that was like the first or maybe he's done.
Very few things. Was that when he was already fighting,
when was that movie very.
Recently with, uh, they were like was an extra, but Brian's in it. So, but they.
Probably Trump Brian in, because you know,
he's already fought for the title before he fought max Holloway. Yeah.
He knocked out Frankie, Edgar. I mean, Brian Ortega has been a bad.
For years. I heard you. Well, I got a deep dive about him and I do,
I do a thing called open tabs where I keep all the tabs open to my safari
browser. And then I do a podcast about learning,
telling you about all the I learned over the weekend. Ah,
and I had a big Brian Ortega one, but I,
I took it out because sometimes with cage fighters, they don't,
I maybe what I say, isn't what they hear. And I don't wanna any of the moms.
I know.
What you're saying. Like some dudes are super.
Sensitive. Well, I'm sensitive. I'm sensitive as. And,
and Brian Ortega was in this movie with SLA booth and he said, he said,
he told this crazy story about sh trying to fight him. And I was like,
oh my God, that's hilarious. And I was like, is that real?
Is that real? Yeah. Yeah. I heard the stories.
That is hilarious. And so, and, but Brian Ortega,
the way he was telling the story was like, it was good. Like it was legit,
good storytelling. Like I'm like he can do jujitsu. I can tell a story. Right.
And the way he was telling the story was like the.
Way you would do jujitsu.
<Laugh> no, not at all. Actually, if I knew jujitsu, yes,
he was telling it good. He was telling.
Good. Watch the entire episode for free, only on Spotify.